[FSTORE-783] BigQuery Documentation Improvements (#248)
logicalclocks/logicalclocks.github.io: docs/user_guides/fs/storage_connector/creation/bigquery.md

   upload from your local using `Upload new file` or choose an existing file within project using `From Project`.
4. Read Options: There are two ways to read via BigQuery, using the **BigQuery Table** or **BigQuery Query** option:
   
      1. **BigQuery Table** - can be used for reading data from BigQuery. You can't create an External FG using this option. The table option reads directly from the BigQuery table reference. In the UI set the below fields, 
         1. *BigQuery Project*: The BigQuery project
         2. *BigQuery Dataset*: The dataset of the table
         3. *BigQuery Table*: The table to read

>       2. **BigQuery Query** - can be used for both reading data and **creating External FG**. This option executes a SQL query at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      2. **BigQuery Query** - This option executes a SQL query at runtime. It can be used for both reading data and **creating external Feature Groups**. 
```

>          1. *Materialization Dataset*: Temporary dataset used by BigQuery for writing. It must be set to a dataset where the GCP user has table creation permission. The queried table must be in the same location as the `materializationDataset`. Also, if a table in the `SQL statement` is from project other than the `parentProject` then use the fully qualified table name i.e. `[project].[dataset].[table]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         1. *Materialization Dataset*: Temporary dataset used by BigQuery for writing. It must be set to a dataset where the GCP user has table creation permission. The queried table must be in the same location as the *Materialization Dataset*. Also, if a table in the `SQL statement` is from project other than the *Parent Project* then use the fully qualified table name i.e. `[project].[dataset].[table]`.
```

>          2. *Materialization Project* is optional.

Reviewer: Point 2 is not needed, remove it

> 

Reviewer: Can you move this ti line 71, just after the materialization dataset?
